Add glossary (#5935)
RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm: docs/reference/glossary/performance.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Performance glossary for AMD GPUs
  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, GPU, performance, optimization, roofline, bottleneck,
    occupancy, bandwidth, latency hiding, divergence

.. _glossary-performance:

***********

> Performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance analysis glossary
```

***********

This section provides brief definitions of performance analysis concepts and
optimization techniques.

.. glossary::
    :sorted:
    
    Roofline model
        The roofline model is a visual performance model that determines whether
        a program is compute-bound or memory-bound. See
        :ref:`hip:roofline_model` for roofline analysis.
    
    Compute-bound
        Compute-bound kernels are limited by the arithmetic bandwidth of the
        GPU's compute units rather than memory bandwidth. See
        :ref:`hip:compute_bound` for compute-bound analysis.
    
    Memory-bound
        Memory-bound kernels are limited by memory bandwidth rather than
        arithmetic throughput, typically due to low arithmetic intensity. See
        :ref:`hip:memory_bound` for memory-bound analysis.
    
    Arithmetic intensity
        Arithmetic intensity is the ratio of arithmetic operations to memory

>         operations in a kernel, determining performance characteristics. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        operations in a kernel, and determines performance characteristics. See
```

        :ref:`hip:arithmetic_intensity` for intensity analysis.
    
    Overhead
        Overhead latency is time spent with no useful work being done, often

>         from CPU-side bottlenecks or kernel launch delays. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Overhead latency is the time spent with no useful work being done, often
        due to CPU-side bottlenecks or kernel launch delays. See
```

    Pipe utilization
        Pipe utilization measures how effectively a kernel uses the execution
        pipelines within each Compute Unit. See :ref:`hip:pipe_utilization` for
        utilization details.

    Peak rate
        Peak rate is the theoretical maximum throughput at which a hardware
        system can complete work under ideal conditions. See
        :ref:`hip:theoretical_performance_limits` for details.

    Issue efficiency
        Issue efficiency measures how effectively the wavefront scheduler keeps
        execution pipelines busy by issuing instructions. See
        :ref:`hip:issue_efficiency` for efficiency metrics.

    CU utilization
        CU utilization measures the percentage of time that Compute Units are
        actively executing instructions. See :ref:`hip:cu_utilization` for
        utilization analysis.

    Wavefront divergence
        Wavefront divergence occurs when threads within a wavefront take
        different execution paths due to conditional statements. See
        :ref:`hip:branch_efficiency` for divergence handling details.

    Branch efficiency
        Branch efficiency measures how often all threads within a wavefront take

>         the same execution path, quantifying control flow uniformity. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        the same execution path, quantifying control-flow uniformity. See
```

.. meta::
  :description: Performance glossary for AMD GPUs
  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, GPU, performance, optimization, roofline, bottleneck,
    occupancy, bandwidth, latency hiding, divergence

.. _glossary-performance:

***********
Performance
***********

This section provides brief definitions of performance analysis concepts and
optimization techniques.

.. glossary::
    :sorted:
    
    Performance bottleneck
        A performance bottleneck is a resource that limits the rate at which
        work can be completed, such as compute throughput or memory bandwidth.

>         See :ref:`hip:performance_bottlenecks` for bottleneck analysis.

Reviewer 2: This one may be unnecessary?

Reviewer 3: I would keep it.

    
    Roofline model
        The roofline model is a visual performance model that determines whether

>         a program is limited by memory bandwidth or arithmetic bandwidth. See

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        a program is compute-bound or memory-bound. See
```
